docs(tableau): specify Tableau Desktop must be used (#17)
lumapps/dbt-docs: bi-tools/tableau/README.md

## Connecting Tableau software to the lumapps datalake

**prerequisite**:
* You already have created a service account and this service account was given proper permissions by the lumapps team.

> * You have access to Tableau Desktop, connection to BigQuery via service account it not yet support by Tableau Online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have access to Tableau Desktop, connection to BigQuery via service account is not yet supported by Tableau Online.
```

> * You have access to Tableau Desktop, connection to BigQuery via service account it not yet supported by Tableau Online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have access to Tableau Desktop, connection to BigQuery via service account is not yet supported by Tableau Online.
```
